we caught up with the couple's to ask
them about their pre-show nerves pretty
excited about this week hopefully be our
redeeming foxtrot week after learning
ourselves from the volunteering last
week and we have a swinging thornridge
I'm absolutely dreading hello this is
charles than this week we are quite
excited we love the music love the down
so hopefully is gonna go great tomorrow
night tomorrow down everyone needs to
charleston for ages and sorry but it
proved to be a little bit more difficult
than I felt yeah yeah be quiet so if it
goes well is a pretty in jersey and
there's a lot of places it could go
wrong so fingers crossed so tomorrow's
dance gonna be Foxtrot and hopefully is
going to be good dance and fingers
crossed on being 12 so I'm hoping for
it's right between there's a lot of
character in it and you know I just have
to keep my focus cool head hot body is
what Christina keeps telling me and you
know anything can happen it's a live
show I will try my best it's a tough win
the competition that we're working just
as hard as we always have and I'm trying
to have as much fun as we can't wow I
mean we got so far now so I'm very
excited to be dancing again
kinkel I'm feeling scared but excited
and happy scaling started happy that's
my girl